The approach:The approach could be divided into 3 categories according to the difficulty of the questions. They are as follows:Easy Questions:For easy questions, we performed a basic string matching similar to the one implemented in baseline file in order to find the answer from story files. These answers are generally the entire sentence in which the key answer belongs. Hence the extracted answer contains more information than the required answer. Thus, we obtain a very high recall but a low precision using this method.Medium Questions:For medium questions, we used the constituency parse to get the answers. The technique was to use the .par files of the stories/sch. Initially the question type was detected with the kind of “wh” word contained in it. According to the presence of the “wh” word we selected the appropriate part of speech or phrase in the .par file that should be the part or the entire answer. For example, a “how” question should have an answer which should contain an adverbial phrase(ADVP). Hence by matching the answer (i.e the sentence that contains the answer) we extract the response from it using the .par files.
Exception handling is implemented to match a more general parse phrase, in case the specific phrase isn’t present, in order to remove the error of no leaves being present in the tree after matching a specific phrase. Hard Questions:The hard questions differ from the medium ones in a sense that they contain words those are not present in the story files. Since, the questions are related to the stories itself, their meanings (i.e. the different words) should be synonymous to that of a word in the story itself. Using this concept we find the set of nouns and verbs in the question and also the set of nouns and verbs that are present in the stories (story_nouns and story_verbs from the .csv files). Next, in order to reduce some future computations, we eliminate all the nouns and verbs of the questions that are a part of the story_nouns and story_verbs. On the remaining set of nouns and verbs, we perform the WordNet computations (synsets, hypernyms and hyponyms). 

Once a synset, hypernym or a hyponym of a noun/verb matches the entry in the .csv file, we break the search and then replace the unknown (different - not present in the story) word of the question with the appropriate story_noun or story_verb. In this way we could rephrase the question with presence of all words and convert the hard question to a medium one and hence use the previous technique described in the medium questions section.




